How much does a new website cost?

There’s not one single answer to this question. At COMPANY studios a website design is quoted based on the needs of each individual project. Every website is unique and requires different functionality, we design and develop custom websites specifically for your business. With our Our Start to Finish websites we offer 3 levels of investment starting at $2,999 up to $7,499. We also offer custom pricing depending on needs as well. Book a time to chat.

I’m on a strict budget. Do you have any low cost options?

A custom website is a big investment and not all small businesses have the budget for it. We get that too. Our budget conscious package is $2000. There will be limitations for this type of website.

How long will it take to get a new website?

We aim for a six to eight week turnaround, but the pace of any project is set by each client. How much input you provide during the early stages, your timely feedback, how soon the content is ready – all this affects the speed of completion. If the site we are building for you has unique functionality this will also play a part in how long the site will take to develop.

Who writes the content for the site?

We design and develop websites from start to finish. Our experience tells us that the part of the web design process that takes the longest is waiting for content from our customers. The issue is not bad intentions it is that your everyday business obligations take precedence over writing content for your website. You don’t have time to complete the content portion. We get that! That is why we take care of it. We will schedule meetings with you and ask a lot of questions, you are the expert on your business. Once we have answers one of our copywriters and our photography team will take it from there. This way the task will be less daunting for you.

Do I have to be local to work with you?

Nope! We work with clients all over.

Will I be able to update the site myself when it’s finished?

Yes! We love it when our clients take control of their website and learn to manage it on their own. We’ll provide you with some video tutorials to help you learn your way around, as well provide you with a training session to help get you on your way. We are also always around for a phone call to help you with anything you need.

Is there a maintenance and support fee?

We provide on-going support through various programs including a pay as you go option. Our popular program allows to call whenever you need help or would like a change to your site.

How do I purchase a domain name?

If you don't have a domain name we strongly recommend you purchase your domain through a registrar like GoDaddy. There are many places to buy a domain. You only need to buy the domain but if you are more familiar with some of the other options you can purchase those as well. Ask us first if you are not sure. Owning your own domain gives you more control.
NOTE: Please keep the login information you use to purchase the domain.

Where should my website be hosted?

Hosting is important! We use a couple of third parties to host all of our websites. Ones that we are familiar with and know has good support for us. You can host elsewhere if you want but be sure it is reputable. Check with us if you would like recommendations, otherwise we can select one of our hosting partners that will provide the best option for your site and growth needs.

Will my website be mobile-friendly?

Absolutely! These days for users as well as for Google it is important to have a mobile-friendly website.

Do you only create WordPress websites?

No. Although WordPress powers more than 30% of websites you see and it is flexible and easy to use, we also offer full service to develop the site you want. This allows for custom back-end programming for web applications and more complex web sites.

Are your designs pre-made templates?

Nope! Most of our design and development is custom. No themes. We work hard to create designs that meet your needs and don’t look like somebody else’s site. Also with our development we want the functions of your site to fit your needs, not try to fit your needs to the functions available in a theme.  

How much input do I have in the process?

A lot! Your input and feedback is crucial to the process. We will never take the next step in the process without you providing your thoughts and approval.

Do we own the completed website?

You always have full ownership over your website. Although we'd hate to see it happen, you're free to move your website to another company. We will provide all information and files to your new company upon receiving written request via email.

What if I need help on my site down the road?

We are here to help and work very hard to get back to you with in 24 hours with answers to your questions or with your requested changes made. We won’t disappear once your site is launched. We’ve been doing this for 12 years, so we aren’t going anywhere anytime soon.

When do I pay?

We request a deposit payment of up to 50% before we begin work. The balance is not due until your website is launched. We do offer a payment plan allowing you to spread payments over 6 months. This is a big investment, we get that, so we want to help you budget for this investment in whatever way possible.
We accept checks, e-transfer, and all major credit cards.